README.md, before:

# DashMarvinJS

DashMarvinJS is a Dash component library for ChemAxon MarvinJS integration.

Interaction of MJS with dash is done via the custom upload button on widget panel.

![](demo.png)

### Usage

Add widget to your dash app layout.

    app.layout = html.Div([
        dash_marvinjs.DashMarvinJS(
           id='set_widget_id_for_callbacks',
           marvin_url=app.get_asset_url('mjs/editor.html'),
           marvin_license={'url': app.get_asset_url('license.cxl'), 'is_dynamic': False},
           marvin_width='600px',
           marvin_height='600px'
        )
    ])

ChemAxon MJS require manual download. After possible two scenario for setup:
* Custom host:port/url/to/mjs/editor.html. For example by using nginx static files hosting . Note to correctly setup cross-domain headers on server!
* Serve mjs distributive by dash app itself. Place mjs distributive into `assets` folder near to `entry_point.py` and pass `marvin_url=app.get_asset_url('mjs_distro/editor.html')`. See details of assets directory customization in Dash and Flask documentation.

For button customization pass `marvin_button` argument with `{'name' : string, 'image-url' : 'valid html img url', 'toolbar' : 'see MarvinJS documentation (N, W, ...)'}`

Button pressing call callback on python side.
Drawn structure and selected atoms and bonds available in `input` attribute.
Callback can return modified structure and selection back to widget through `output` attribute.
Input and output structures encoded in MRV format. None is also possible input and output.
`prepare_input` and `prepare_output` decorators help with data conversion to and from `chython` objects.

See `usage.py` with demo.


### Install from PyPI

    pip install dash_marvinjs

### Build from sources

1. Create a virtual env and activate.
    ```
    virtualenv venv
    . venv/bin/activate
    ```
2. Install python packages required to build components.
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
3. Install npm packages
    ```
    npm install
    ```
4. Build your code:
    ```
    npm run build
    ```
5. Create a Python tarball
    ```
    python setup.py sdist
    ```
    This distribution tarball will get generated in the `dist/` folder

Commit message:

* mapping in output control added. * smiles rdf sdf importer api implemented.

README.md, after:

# DashMarvinJS

DashMarvinJS is a Dash component library for ChemAxon MarvinJS integration.

Interaction of MJS with dash is done via the custom upload button on widget panel.

![](demo.png)

### Usage

Add widget to your dash app layout.

    app.layout = html.Div([
        dash_marvinjs.DashMarvinJS(
           id='set_widget_id_for_callbacks',
           marvin_url=app.get_asset_url('mjs/editor.html'),
           marvin_license={'url': app.get_asset_url('license.cxl'), 'is_dynamic': False},
           marvin_width='600px',
           marvin_height='600px',
           marvin_services={'molconvertws': '/importer'}
        )
    ])

ChemAxon MJS require manual download. After possible two scenario for setup:
* Custom host:port/url/to/mjs/editor.html. For example by using nginx static files hosting . Note to correctly setup cross-domain headers on server!
* Serve mjs distributive by dash app itself. Place mjs distributive into `assets` folder near to `entry_point.py` and pass `marvin_url=app.get_asset_url('mjs_distro/editor.html')`. See details of assets directory customization in Dash and Flask documentation.

For importing of smiles sdf and rdf, setup `dash_marvinjs.importer(app, '/importer')`. 

For button customization pass `marvin_button` argument with `{'name' : string, 'image-url' : 'valid html img url', 'toolbar' : 'see MarvinJS documentation (N, W, ...)'}`

Button pressing call callback on python side.
Drawn structure and selected atoms and bonds available in `input` attribute.
Callback can return modified structure and selection back to widget through `output` attribute.
Input and output structures encoded in MRV format. None is also possible input and output.
`prepare_input` and `prepare_output` decorators help with data conversion to and from `chython` objects.

See `usage.py` with demo.


### Install from PyPI

    pip install dash_marvinjs

### Build from sources

1. Create a virtual env and activate.
    ```
    virtualenv venv
    . venv/bin/activate
    ```
2. Install python packages required to build components.
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
3. Install npm packages
    ```
    npm install
    ```
4. Build your code:
    ```
    npm run build
    ```
5. Create a Python tarball
    ```
    python setup.py sdist
    ```
    This distribution tarball will get generated in the `dist/` folder
